docs(helix): update integration guide with roots and project config (#4260)
biomejs/website: src/content/docs/guides/editors/third-party-extensions.mdx

### Helix

> Biome has an `lsp-proxy` command that acts as a server for the Language Server Protocol over stdin/stdout. Helix 23.10 introduced [support for multiple language servers](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/2507), allowing you to use Biome alongside other servers like `typescript-language-server`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helix 23.10 introduced [support for multiple language servers](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix/pull/2507), allowing you to use Biome alongside other servers like `typescript-language-server`.
```

That's incorrect, and something that isn't necessary for users to know (I know the information was already there, but I realise it's useless). Users want to know how set up helix, let's focus on that

Author: Good point. I've removed that confusing sentence entirely to keep the guide focused strictly on the setup.

name = "javascript"
language-servers = [ { name = "typescript-language-server", except-features = [ "format" ] }, "biome" ]
auto-format = true
```

#### Using Biome by project

> If you want Helix to correctly apply your project-specific settings, you must specify the `roots` array. This tells Helix to detect the project root based on the presence of Biome's configuration files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want Helix to correctly apply your project-specific settings, you must add Biome configuration file to the `roots` field. This tells Helix to detect the project root based on the presence of Biome's configuration files.
```

Author: Applied! (I also tweaked it slightly to 'add a Biome configuration file' to fix a minor grammar typo flagged by the bot).

```toml
[language-server.biome]
command = "biome"
args = ["lsp-proxy"]

[[language]]

> name = "javascript"

Reviewer: Any particular reason why was this changed?

Author: Ah, no particular reason, that was just a mistake on my end. I've reverted it back to typescript.
